fix(dynamic-import-vars): Allow a "no files found" error to be emitted as warning (#1625)
rollup/plugins: packages/dynamic-import-vars/README.md

By default, the plugin will not throw errors when target files are not found. Setting this option to true will result in errors thrown when encountering files which don't exist.

> When used in combination for `warnOnError` it will throw a warning instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ _Important:_ Enabling this option when `warnOnError` is set to `true` will result in a warning and _not_ an error
```

We need to emphasize the importance of how those work together.
